Add deprecation note to PAM user creation guide (#27597)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/server-access/guides/ssh-pam.mdx

## Create local Unix users on login

<Admonition type="warning">

> This guide is obsolete and will be removed in a future version. Refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using PAM to create local users on login is obsolete and will be removed in a future version. Refer to the
```
Suggested to be more specific. Otherwise, I was wondering why this admonition came so late in an obsolete guide.
